give what is thought this is the first
ever episode of the t go show it is me
one is the only t go yeah what's up
Chester County we're out here at
cheerleaders let's see what they're
doing today
oh yeah so I came over here with my
bright random pot over there
I see example of course on my summation
of my $10 12 it would put a Corvette
what are you doing lady
I'm looking for a bit what's up Chester
County as you can see I'm right here in
the line now see two cars in front of
the gimmick are watch while I'm here
right now I have a very special guest
he's one of your very own
Chester very you know he's a football
player basketball player and a Chester
student code heiress man listen why
didn't I hear about this early this car
wash going on it's a beautiful thing man
look at my car my car is on life support
man and they can give a life right now
you cannot get any girls with an ugly
car my car is very ugly so I'm I'm
frigid there - probably laughing you
right now so what can I do
because I'm a better car wash today no
y'all look at it zoom in no no you know
I got I got I got I got
problem solved but so basically as you
can see I'm prepared to fall watching
everybody out here
don't throw says in me you don't want to
go there so I'm not wearing a seat open
okay you see me driving anyway see last
time was my big wet dirty person a big
girl right there
hey take 14
come check on my car because it's my
baton I don't rest we need everybody in
the base those kind of thing you don't
fit the frame I live in it look at it
look at it hey green up y'all watch
people - I need a bath Hey
you're gonna burn me do